Hey everyone, welcome to the Art Mafia Development module.
My name is Alex Slater.
I'm the founder and lead developer of Quitter.
Quitter does half a million dollars in revenue a month and has done about two
and a half
million dollars in his total lifespan.
I have a lot of information to share about building products specifically
because I wasted
years and I mean like two years building the perfect app that never launched
and never
got traction and never went anywhere.
Whereas with Quitter on the other hand, I spent a week, two weeks building it,
got instant
validation and that just kind of parlayed into momentum that got us to this
point today.
So the goal of this module is to share how to build a successful app.
We'll be running through how to rebuild U-Maxxram Scratch which was one of
Blake Anderson's
most successful first apps.
So we'll go for that entire tutorial and how to skip a lot of the waste of time
that I
spent so you don't have to spend that waste of time yourself.
And by the end of this module, ideally you will have an app that is ready to be
sold
and you can go into the distribution module that comes right after this and
start making
money.
So yeah, let's get started.
[BLANK_AUDIO]